---
title: "Internet Banking Security Tips | DBS Singapore"
source_url: "https://www.dbs.com.sg/personal/support/general-digibank-security-internet-banking-security-tips.html?pid=sg-dbs-help-support-guide-online-security-cardtile"
scraped_date: "2026-04-06 00:11:27"
depth: 2
---

## Internet Banking Security Tips

Learn how you can protect your banking profile when using computer devices by following our useful tips.

*Part of: Guides \>* [Your Guide to Online Security](guide-online-security.html)

  

### Important information

- Set your anti\-virus and anti\-spyware software to perform automatic updates daily.
- Set your operating system to perform automatic updates daily.
- Use a different PIN or password for web\-based services such as email, online shopping or subscription services.
- Do not click on links from emails or install any programs from doubtful origins.
- Do not perform online transactions on computers that you suspect are compromised.
- Do not reveal your digibank User ID, PIN and One\-time PINs generated by your iB Security Device or Digital Token.
- Always read the authentication message before authenticating any transactions with your digital token. DBS staff will never ask you to authenticate transactions over the phone.
- Delete junk or chain emails.
- More information on [security alerts and news](https://www.dbs.com.sg/personal/deposits/security-and-you/default.page).

**Was this information useful?**
Yes
No

## We welcome your feedback


 Information is easy to understand and find
 

Yes

No


 Information is useful to answer your inquiries completely
 

Yes

No

### Thanks for your feedback!

#### We’ll continue to work towards serving you better.

#### Related articles

- [DBS Security Guide on Scams and Fraud Attempts](guide-security-on-scams-and-fraud.html)
- [Mobile Banking Security Tips](general-digibank-security-mobile-banking-security-tips.html)
- [Reset digibank PIN](bank-ibanking-reset-pin.html)

#### Related articles

- [DBS Security Guide on Scams and Fraud Attempts](guide-security-on-scams-and-fraud.html)
- [Mobile Banking Security Tips](general-digibank-security-mobile-banking-security-tips.html)
- [Reset digibank PIN](bank-ibanking-reset-pin.html)